Update `astro-expressive-code` dependency to `^0.33.2` (#1541)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/tricky-berries-retire.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': minor
---

Updates `astro-expressive-code` dependency to the latest minor release (0.33).

This unlocks support for [word wrap](https://expressive-code.com/key-features/word-wrap/) and [line numbers](https://expressive-code.com/plugins/line-numbers/), as well as updating the syntax highlighter to the latest Shiki release, which includes new and updated language grammars.

> See the [Expressive Code release notes](https://expressive-code.com/releases/) for more information on all contained changes.

Reviewer: Maybe we explicitly call out “breaking changes” here as they are covered in the EC release notes?

```suggestion
See the [Expressive Code release notes](https://expressive-code.com/releases/) for more information including details of potentially breaking changes.
```

Author: Good idea, I committed your suggestion!
